---
description: These errors are non-category specific failures.
---

# General errors

<table><thead><tr><th width="107">Code</th><th>Name</th><th>Description</th><th>Customer Advice </th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>300</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_COMPUTE_ETH_ADDRESS</code></td><td>This error is thrown when there is a mismatch in the X and Y key shares that are provided</td><td>Confirm that the client key share sent to Portal is what is saved on file as the active client key share</td></tr><tr><td>301</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_CREATE_SHARE_OBJECT</code></td><td>This error is either a networking issue or an issue with the. It could be on the Portal side or due to network errors.</td><td>Check our status page to see if Portal is having an outage or retry the request.</td></tr><tr><td>302</td><td><code>INCORRECT_INPUT_TO_SIGN</code></td><td>This error is thrown when the signed hash is in the incorrect format.</td><td>Confirm that your ETH transaction object is correctly formatted</td></tr><tr><td>303</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_CONVERT_PUBLIC_KEY_BYTES</code></td><td>Deprecated from the codebase</td><td>Deprecated from the codebase</td></tr><tr><td>304</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_COMPUTE_SIGNATURE</code></td><td>Deprecated from the codebase</td><td>Deprecated from the codebase</td></tr><tr><td>305</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_PARSE_INPUT_SHARE_OBJECT</code></td><td>This error is thrown when your DKG object is incorrectly formatted.</td><td>Confirm that the portalDKG object sent from the client is correct and the format is correct</td></tr><tr><td>306</td><td><code>INCORRECT_SHARE_OBJECT_TYPE</code></td><td>This error is thrown when the DKG object is missing any of its 4 fields.</td><td>Confirm that the DKG object being sent from the client is complete</td></tr><tr><td>307</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_CONVERT_STRING_TO_BIG_INT</code></td><td>This error is thrown when the share represented as a string fails to be converted to type big int</td><td>Confirm the client key share is sent in as a String</td></tr><tr><td>308</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_POPULATE_TRANSACTION</code></td><td>This error is thrown when the ETH Transaction is incorrect</td><td>Confirm that your ETH transaction object is correctly formatted</td></tr><tr><td>309</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_BUILD_MESSAGE</code></td><td>This error is throw when there is an issue with the has provided for a sign function</td><td>Confirm that the ETH Sign Object is correct and complete</td></tr><tr><td>310</td><td><code>UNSUPPORTED_ETH_METHOD</code></td><td>This error is thrown when provided with an incorrect ETH method</td><td>Confirm that the method is correctly spelled and that it exists as a supported method by Portal</td></tr><tr><td>311</td><td><code>NODE_RPC_ERROR</code></td><td>This error is thrown by a node gateway provider, (like Alchemy). Often, the error is related to a formatting error.</td><td>Confirm that you are addressing the error response that is sent back. It provides the context to fix this error as it is set directly by the gateway provider</td></tr><tr><td>312</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_INITIALIZE_PUBLIC_KEY</code></td><td>This error is a generic catch for errors when converting key pairs into a ECDSA elliptic curve point</td><td>Contact Portal support.</td></tr><tr><td>313</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_CALCULATE_SELF_PUBLIC_KEY</code></td><td>This error is a networking issue. It could be on the Portal side or due to network errors.</td><td>Check our status page to see if Portal is having an outage or retry the request.</td></tr><tr><td>314</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_UNMARSHAL_PARTIAL_PUBLIC_KEY_FROM_SOCKET</code></td><td>This error is either a networking issue or an issue with the. It could be on the Portal side or due to network errors.</td><td>Check our status page to see if Portal is having an outage or retry the request.</td></tr><tr><td>315</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_MARSHAL_PARTIAL_PUBLIC_KEY</code></td><td>This error is either a networking issue or an issue with the. It could be on the Portal side or due to network errors.</td><td>Check our status page to see if Portal is having an outage or retry the request.</td></tr><tr><td>320</td><td><code>API_GET_ME</code></td><td>This error is from calling out to the getMe endpoint. </td><td>Check the message for more details.</td></tr></tbody></table>
