---
description: >-
  These errors are related to the MPC process itself. They include
  misconfigurations, failed parsing, and cryptographic key mismatches.
---

# MPC errors

<table><thead><tr><th width="108">Code</th><th>Error Name</th><th>Error Description</th><th>Advice</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>100</td><td><code>INVALID_RANK_AND_THRESHOLD</code></td><td>This error is thrown if a client is passed a key share object created with an invalid MPC configuration.</td><td>Contact Portal support.</td></tr><tr><td>101</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_START_DKG</code></td><td>This error is thrown if there is an issue <strong>starting</strong> the DKG process.</td><td>Contact Portal support.</td></tr><tr><td>102</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_FINISH_DKG</code></td><td>This error is thrown if there is an issue completing the DKG process.</td><td>Contact Portal support.</td></tr><tr><td>103</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_CONVERT_DKG_RESULT</code></td><td>This error is thrown if the result from the DKG process can’t be parsed correctly.</td><td>Contact Portal support.</td></tr><tr><td>104</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_START_RESHARE</code></td><td>This error is thrown if there is an issue <strong>starting</strong> the reshare process.</td><td>Contact Portal support.</td></tr><tr><td>105</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_FINISH_RESHARE</code></td><td>This error is thrown if there is an issue <strong>completing</strong> the reshare process.</td><td>Contact Portal support.</td></tr><tr><td>106</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_CONVERT_RESHARE_RESULT</code></td><td>This error is thrown if the result from the reshare process can’t be parsed correctly.</td><td>Contact Portal support.</td></tr><tr><td>107</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_START_SIGN</code></td><td>This error is thrown if there is an issue starting the signing process.</td><td>Contact Portal support.</td></tr><tr><td>108</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_FINISH_SIGN</code></td><td>This error is thrown if there is an issue completing the signing process.</td><td>Contact Portal support.</td></tr><tr><td>109</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_CONVERT_SIGN_RESULT</code></td><td>This error is thrown if the result from the signing process can’t be parsed correctly.</td><td>Contact Portal support.</td></tr><tr><td>110</td><td><code>DKG_PROCESS_ERROR</code></td><td>This error is a generic catch for errors during the DKG process.</td><td>Contact Portal support.</td></tr><tr><td>111</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_PARSE_SOCKET_MESSAGE</code></td><td>Portal uses a websocket channel to complete an MPC operation (generate, sign, backup, recovery). This error is thrown if there is an error parsing a websocket message during an MPC operation.</td><td>Check our status page to see if Portal is having an outage or retry the request.</td></tr><tr><td>112</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_ADD_MESSAGE_TO_CHANNEL</code></td><td>Portal uses multiple threads when performing an MPC operation. This error is thrown if there is an error passing information between threads.</td><td>Contact Portal support.</td></tr><tr><td>113</td><td><code>REFRESH_SHARE_MISMATCH</code></td><td>This error occurs if there is a mismatch in the shares during the refresh step of an MPC operation.</td><td>This can occur if you pass in the wrong key share during backup. Confirm that you passed the correct key share into the backup function.</td></tr><tr><td>114</td><td><code>REFRESH_PROCESS_ERROR</code></td><td>This error occurs if there is a problem other than share mismatch during the refresh step of an MPC operation.</td><td>Contact Portal support.</td></tr><tr><td>115</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_GET_PAILLIER_KEY</code></td><td>This error occurs if there is a problem retrieving the Pailler key during a step in an MPC operation.</td><td>Contact Portal support.</td></tr><tr><td>116</td><td><code>SIGNING_SHARE_MISMATCH</code></td><td>This error occurs if there is a mismatch in the shares during the signing MPC operation.</td><td>Contact Portal support.</td></tr><tr><td>117</td><td><code>SIGNING_PROCESS_ERROR</code></td><td>This error occurs if there is a problem other than share mismatch during the signing operation.</td><td>Contact Portal support.</td></tr></tbody></table>
