---
description: These errors are related to network or API failures.
---

# Network errors

<table><thead><tr><th width="93">Code</th><th>Name</th><th>Description</th><th>Advice</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>200</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_SEND_SIGN_REQUEST</code></td><td>This error is a networking issue. It could be on the Portal side or due to network errors.</td><td>Check our status page to see if Portal is having an outage or retry the request.</td></tr><tr><td>201</td><td><code>BAD_REQUEST</code></td><td>This is the equivalent of a 400 - so if you send something that the server is not expecting</td><td>Confirm that you are addressing the error response that is sent back. It provides the context to fix this error as set by Portal</td></tr><tr><td>202</td><td><code>INVALID_API_KEY</code></td><td>This is a 401 for if you have an invalid API key or session token</td><td>Confirm that you are using the correct Session Token and that the session hasn’t expired</td></tr><tr><td>203</td><td><code>NOT_FOUND</code></td><td>This is if your client doesn't have a wallet and you tried to do a sign or back or recover operation. Equivalent of a 404</td><td>Confirm that you are addressing the error response that is sent back. It provides the context to fix this error as set by Portal</td></tr><tr><td>204</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_RECEIVE_101_STATUS_CODE</code></td><td>This error is a networking issue. It could be on the Portal side or due to network errors.</td><td>Check our status page to see if Portal is having an outage or retry the request.</td></tr><tr><td>205</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_CREATE_WEBSOCKET</code></td><td>This error is a networking issue. It could be on the Portal side or due to network errors.</td><td>Check our status page to see if Portal is having an outage or retry the request.</td></tr><tr><td>206</td><td><code>DKG_NETWORK_ERROR</code></td><td>This error is a networking issue. It could be on the Portal side or due to network errors.</td><td>Check our status page to see if Portal is having an outage or retry the request.</td></tr><tr><td>207</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_READ_PARTIAL_PUBLIC_KEY_FROM_SOCKET</code></td><td>This error is a networking issue. It could be on the Portal side or due to network errors.</td><td>Check our status page to see if Portal is having an outage or retry the request.</td></tr><tr><td>208</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_WRITE_PARTIAL_PUBLIC_KEY_TO_SOCKET</code></td><td>This error is a networking issue. It could be on the Portal side or due to network errors.</td><td>Check our status page to see if Portal is having an outage or retry the request.</td></tr><tr><td>209</td><td><code>FAILED_TO_READ_FROM_SOCKET_IN_LISTEN</code></td><td>This error is a networking issue. It could be on the Portal side or due to network errors.</td><td>Check our status page to see if Portal is having an outage or retry the request.</td></tr><tr><td>210</td><td><code>REFRESH_NETWORK_ERROR</code></td><td>This error is a networking issue. It could be on the Portal side or due to network errors.</td><td>Check our status page to see if Portal is having an outage or retry the request.</td></tr><tr><td>211</td><td><code>SIGNING_NETWORK_ERROR</code></td><td>This error is a networking issue. It could be on the Portal side or due to network errors.</td><td>Check our status page to see if Portal is having an outage or retry the request.</td></tr><tr><td>212</td><td><code>BLOCKED_ADDRESS_BY_DEFAULT</code></td><td>This error occurs when an address is blocked by default due to security reasons.</td><td>Enable the default blocked address on <a href="https://app.portalhq.io">the web app</a> Firewall screen.</td></tr><tr><td>213</td><td><code>BLOCKED_ADDRESS_BY_ENVIRONMENT</code></td><td>This error occurs when an address is blocked based on your environment's Firewall configuration.</td><td>Unblock the address on <a href="https://app.portalhq.io">the web app</a> Firewall screen.</td></tr><tr><td>217</td><td><code>MALICIOUS_TRANSACTION</code></td><td>This error occurs when a transaction is detected as malicious.</td><td>Check the transaction and ensure it is not malicious.</td></tr><tr><td>218</td><td><code>MALFORMED_TRANSACTION</code></td><td>This error occurs when a transaction is malformed.</td><td>Check the transaction and ensure it is not malformed.</td></tr></tbody></table>

